young man came in and heard him he was
talking some other folks said he was
waiting on someone to come hang out with
him and 20-30 minutes later God comes up
and he's a great great guy I know I
pastor and I see them sit down and I
hear the pastor asked him so you know so
what's going on I hear the guy say maybe
three sentences and I wasn't
eavesdropping it was just you know I was
from here to you you know 15 feet away
and and I didn't even really hear what
he said because I wasn't paying
attention but then I started hearing the
pastor man he was bringing out some
scriptures that were awesome they were
great scriptures and and it was
scripture after scripture after
scripture and I was sitting there and I
was coming in all love him saying man I
really wish I knew the word like that
and may I need to done need to study
more and I was sitting there and I
thought that way for about five minutes
and continue doing my work and that went
on for about 45 to 50 minutes I didn't
hear the other guys say another word my
heart changed my heart broke for that
other guy
because do you really think that when
you say hey what's going on and someone
tells you the first two or three
sentences do you think you do you think
you've really got what's going on do you
think that it might require another
question or two how many times do we try
to put a bandaid on a cancer someone's
heart
how can we create an environment where
men women can go where they need to go
to receive the healing I believe in
instruction I believe in the word but
sometimes God is a conversational God he
wants us to talk to him I believe that I
think sometimes he even likes my
questions and I think we need more of
that I think we need more of that
conversational thing not just with God
but with each other so we can get beyond
the veneer and find out what's really
gone because you asked me how I'm doing
the day first hey I'm doing okay then
you look at me and say Kevin what's
going on I'm okay man you know there's a
couple things going on but I'm good how
many times do we just sweep stuff
underneath the carpet because number one
I'm going to think you don't want to
hear what I got to say anyway gotta get
beyond that as Christians believers you
know if we're really to be the church
the called out ones that lesya that God
has called us to be if we can't do it
there where can we do it the barn is
just a building and it it's the men that
come to the barn it's the stories that
are told at the barn it's the way that
the Holy Spirit navigates at the bar I
don't know why people show up every week
I don't know
what this is going to look like we
didn't start out to be a ministry
ministries just what happens so for
those that want to do something with
men's ministry or with men do it go for
it jump in go to a coffee shop find a
barn find the shack find someplace that
maybe let you let your guard down you
know maybe somewhere out of the church
building even if you're in church and
you've got men in church go find
someplace else go shoot some pool go do
something go shoot some skeet go
whatever you need to do get people out
of their normal place to where they
don't they can't rely on you know their
comfort levels of where there used to be
in and it's amazing what will come out
of that the stories that will come out
of that we've seen it happen time and
time again and go for it it's worth and
is so worth it it's worth the risk that
it takes and you know what God will be
in it you stay out of the way invite him
into this thing go in with the heart say
you know god I don't know what you're
doing here but I feel like I'm supposed
to do it go for it and I promise you
he'll show up every time
I know what happens if you don't take
risk nah
I think it's worth it for the lives of
your kids for your marriages for your
church community definitely for your
heart nothing with nothing happens if
you don't take the risk